# sac22
 Collection of scripts that were used in the Rubik's WCA South American Championship 2022.

## name_tags
name_tags.py

It generates the individual name tags for printing (preferrably in a label sheet). 

You must have:
- A "competitor-and-staff.csv" file, with the field Name, Country (in English), and WCA ID (download the registration data off the WCA website + add any additional staff you might have)
- The "resources\name-tags-template.docx" file, which is formated to perfectly fit the names of all competitors of the Championship
- The "resources\countries\" folder populated with the flags of the countries of the attending competitors and staff, with its name in English

## Sending certificates
get_contacts.py 

It creates a csv with the email of each competitor and staff, as well as the info of  who belongs to each cattegory (competitor, staff, medal-winner).

You need:
- "resources\\lista_competidores.csv", a file with just the names of the competitors that actually competed and not just registered
- "resources\\SAC2022-registration.csv", registration data downloaded off the WCA website
- "resources\\staff.csv", a list of names and emails of everyone who was staff of the championship
- "resources\\pódios.csv", a list of every podium winner at the championship
- A folder with all of the medal certificates with their winner and event as the name of the file

send_certificates.py

It compiles all of the certificates for a single person and sends them by email with a bespoke body, according to the categories they belong to.

You need:
- To include the password in line 18 for less secure apps on Google
- "contatos.csv", the file generated by the script above
- the folders with the certificates of competitors, staff and medal winners

## Individual Schedules
individual_schedules.py

It creates individual schedules with the time and locations of the groups you're competing in the first rounds, based on Sarah Strong's group creator. In addition to a much needed refactoring, it could be much improving by creating a prettier and more user-friendly PDF instead of a txt, in addition to sending the schedules to everyone by email (see the above script for sending certificates).

You need:
- "resources\\groups.csv", in which you define all of the "settings" for each group, with the event, start and end time and date, and the stage in which it's happening.
- "resources\\SA Champs 2022 Groups - All Groups.csv", a document created by Sarah Strong that present all of the groups a person is competing in.

## Competitor tally
competitor_list.py

A simple script for tallying up who were the actual competitors of the Championship, how many they were and their nationalites.

You need: 
- "resources\\Results for SAC2022.json", the JSON result data download off the scrambles matcher